>> Sreenivasan: WE'VE ALL
RECEIVED SPAM PHONE CALLS FROM
RANDOM NUMBERS, BUT MOST OF US
DON'T DO WHAT "REPLY ALL"
PODCAST HOST ALEX GOLDMAN DID.
I SAT DOWN WITH HIM EARLIER
TODAY.
FIRST OF ALL, WHAT DID YOU DO?
>> I GOT SOMEONE ON THE PHONE
WHO WAS TRYING TO SELL ME TECH
SUPPORT, TELLING ME THAT MY
iCLOUD HAD BEEN COMPROMISED,
THAT MY COMPUTER WAS BEING
LOOKED AT, MY BANK ACCOUNT WAS
BEING LOOKED AT.
I KNEW IT RIGHT AWAY THAT IT
WASN'T TRUE, BUT I WAS CURIOUS
HOW FAR I COULD GET THIS PERSON
TO GO IN TERMS OF ADMITTING WHAT
THEIR BUSINESS MODEL IS AND SORT
OF KEEPING THEM ON THE LINE.
SURPRISINGLY HE WAS VERY CANDID
WITH ME.
AND SO I THOUGHT, OH, OKAY, SO I
GOT A PHONE CALL, TOLD ME TO
CALL BACK A 1-800 NUMBER.
I'M JUST GOING TO KEEP CALLING
THIS 1-800 NUMBER BACK AND SEE
WHAT HAPPENS.
AND I THOUGHT TO MYSELF, "THIS
PERSON IS TRYING TO STEAL MONEY
FROM ME, AND THEY KNOW
INFORMATION ABOUT ME THAT I'M
NOT SUPER COMFORTABLE WITH THEM
KNOWING.
WHAT WOULD IT TAKE FOR ME TO
SORT OF FLIP THAT EQUATION ON
ITS HEAD?
LIKE, WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF I
TRIED TO LEARN EVERYTHING ABOUT
THEM?"
AND WOULD IT BE POSSIBLE?
>> Sreenivasan: THEY TAKE... OR
YOU AUTHORIZE THEM TO TAKE A
LOOK AND VIEW YOUR, SCREEN YOUR
COMPUTER SCREEN.
>> UH-HUH.
>> Sreenivasan: WHAT DID YOU DO
WITH THAT PROCESS TO TURN THE
TABLES ON THEM?
>> WELL, ONE OF THE THINGS WE
DID WAS, AGAIN, TIM HOWARD, MY
EXECUTIVE PRODUCER, SUGGESTED
YOU LOOKED AT THEIR FACEBOOK
PROFILES, YOU KNOW A LOT ABOUT
THESE GUYS.
WHY DON'T YOU PUT A PICTURE OF
THEM ON YOUR DESKTOP BACKGROUND
AND SEE HOW THEY REACT?
IT CAUGHT THEM TOTALLY OFF
GUARD.
I FIGURED THEY'D JUST HANG UP ON
ME, AND INSTEAD THEY PUT THE
BOSS ON THE PHONE.
>> Sreenivasan: SO THE SCAMMER
IS ON THE PHONE WITH YOU, TAKING
A LOOK AT YOUR COMPUTER, AND ALL
OF A SUDDEN HE SEES PICTURES OF
HIS CO-WORKERS ON YOUR DESKTOP
BACKGROUND.
HE'S LIKE, "WAIT, THERE'S
SOMETHING OFF WITH THIS."
>> YEAH, THE BEST THING IS
THERE'S A MOMENT OF SILENCE AND
HE JUST SAYS, "OKAY..."
>> Sreenivasan: THAT'S JUST A
SLIVER OF OUR CONVERSATION.
YOU CAN FIND THE REST ON OUR
FACEBOOK PAGE.
THE NEXT EPISODE OF "REPLY ALL,"
INCLUDING WHAT HAPPENS WHEN
ALEX GOES TO INDIA TO MEET THE
MAN WHO TRIED TO SCAM HIM,
COMES OUT THIS THURSDAY.